AI DISCLOSURE:
------------------------
    -I asked AI if I could use GIThub for hosting and asked about the difference 
    between SRT and VTT
------------------------
REMEDIATION PLAN:
------------------------
    1. I want to optimize images on my site by using responsive media syntax in html
    2. I want to create more dynamic font sizing using clamp
    3. I want to add appropriate alts to images.
------------------------
EMBED I CHECKED
------------------------
Embedded video loads using preferred styling of captions. 
It's a short clip of a  project I made for a video editing class 
with captions I took a site I found when google automated captions which I checked to ensure accuracy
    --------------
    debugging/details 
    --------------
    I saw the documentation said you could use files but they might very well have to be hosted
    I also saw it was possible and that there were a list of reasons including asynchronous loading 
    which wasn't a part of my project so I tried, and live captions that weren't mine displayed- which I didn't notice at very first
    But my video was too large for Github and said that I couldn't push anymore after commit 
    so I thought I could only upload the txt files and link to published script, but that also said origin blocked
    I tried looking for alternative videos that I could use that wouldn't be licensed with no look
    So I figured I could delete repositories and I could just see if it worked but it wouldn't push the original either (I did end up deleting one and remaking but don't remember why)
    I did not have any other video where captions were needed with audio 
    So I shortened the video and tried again, but even after several attempts it didn't seem to be working
    I didn't know that previous commits that didn't go through were stored in history and had to be deleted before current commit was possible with shortened video
    Even though right clicking showed I could delete the most recent commit, I didn't see the option for the others when I right clicked
    Eventually I realized you have to do them in order of most recent for the option to be shown on the previous so I did that
    And it was up and showing but with the wrong time stamps, 
    so I tried to change those , but it seemed to make no difference and I thought it was due to a syntax issue 
    at different points it became a bit confusing to debug because I kept clicking on the newest commit after changing time stamps and things 
    only to later realize some of the changes I was making weren't shown to me because of browser caching and not as much because my syntax 
    which was flawed in some aspects but ultimately resulted in reverting files that were more correct as it didn't seem to show.

CHECKLIST 
------------------------
1. Does the media have a clear purpose on page?
    No, my aim was to find a video that I owned and didn't come with an Iframe tag so I could practice new syntax, this is just practice and I don't want to add it to my page.
2. Does audio or video have captions, transcripts or another appropriate equivalent?
    Yes.
3. Are controls visible, keyboard reachable, and understandable?
    Yes, they can be tabbed through and are understandable. 
4. Does motion pause, stop, or respect reduced-motion preferences where needed?
    Users who prefer reduced-motion will not have video displayed 
5. Does an iframe or embed have a meaningful title?
    I believe so I titled it music video project teaser.
6. Is there a fallback link or alternate path if the external embed fails?
    Yes.
7. Does the media create a performance, privacy, or layout-shift risk?
    I loaded metadata as the effect seems to be that captions appear more easily, I also specified width and height. Performance could be better if 
    internet is bad I suppose,  but I thought it was better that the video not preload, and potentially hold things up if it was unnecessary/ someone didn't want to click.